Previously on "Station 19"...
I'd like to introduce you all to
the new captain of Station 19,
Robert Sullivan.
I'm not retired, regardless
of what Sullivan thinks.
Jack: How come I've never
been here before?
I don't have
a lot of people over.
Sullivan:
Chief Ripley said you
were a prime candidate
for a promotion.
Andy and I support each other.
We don't step.
Everyone else is
telling you to stand down.
I thought
I could save him.
But you didn't.
I just submitted
my Lieutenant's application.
I'm still your daughter,
even if I don't live here.
So you're mad at me
for almost dying?
You quit on Warren.
You quit on me.
If you need professional advice,
there's an
FD Peer Support program
at the Civic Center
every week.
Take it there.
Andy: You know
that feeling in your gut,
the one that says something's
about to go horribly wrong?
All right, this is
about to go horribly wrong.
♪ I can feel it
on the back of my tongue ♪
Nope, not tonight.
Tonight everything
is gonna be all right.
♪ All of the words
getting trapped in my lungs ♪
Aha!
That's instinct,
and it's a firefighter's
greatest asset.
♪ Heavy like a stone,
waiting for the river to run ♪
Mm.
Mm. Mm. Ohh!
This is why
I stick to beer.
[ Cellphone chimes, vibrates ]
Nuh-uh,
beer is for frat boys,
not grown-ass women
tearing it up.
♪ I wanna lash out ♪
Especially
on our first night out
in a million years
just the three of us.
♪ I wanna let it out ♪
Mm, the three of us plus
Mr. Station 23 man-blanket?
You know, they should have
sent Sullivan to 23.
Let him fix
the stations that are broken,
not break the ones
that are working.
You're too hard
on him.
What?
Excuse me?
If you can't
trust your instincts,
you're in trouble.
He's not that bad.
He's like a coach,
just pushing us
to be our personal best.
His style isn't terrible
just because it's different.
You begin to
question everything,
including yourself,
and we can't have that.
Time to get to work.
Work?
Wing-womaning.
Bishop and I
have made a decision.
It is time for you
to get back out there,
maybe meet someone
you don't work with
or live next door to.
We're gonna wing.
No way.
Please, please,
please let us wing.
I live to wing.
I wanna wing!
[ Coughs ]
We have to trust
and trust blindly...
I-I didn't order this.
The gentleman over there
said to tell you,
"If the lady wants a beer,
the lady should have a beer."
...trust fully...
Oh.
Oh, that was way too easy.
Now's the part where
you just talk to the boy.
...trust completely...
And say what?
Uh,
"Hi, my name is Andy.
I want to put your face
on my face."
[ Laughter ]
Or, uh, maybe just,
"Hi, I'm Andy."
Some wing-women you are.
♪ I wanna let it out ♪
...and see where it takes you.
♪ I gotta lash out ♪
[ Siren wailing ]
[ Horn honking ]
♪♪
Ryan: Looking good,
Mr. Herrera.
Just in time. Come here.
I need you to hold
this rig in place
so I can attach the ladder.
If I let go
before you get ahold,
I'll glue my fingers together.
We still on
for your checkup tomorrow?
Just a few more
and you're done.
You don't have to
pick me up.
Oh, so...Andy's
picking you up?
[ Scoffs ] When she
came by the other day,
she asked me
not to waste away.
That seems like
sound advice.
I'm not wasting.
I'm waiting.
My medical evals
have been consistent.
Matter of time
before I'm all cleared.
You want to get back
to active duty.
[ Scoffs ] Sure as hell
don't want to retire.
I can't keep
sitting on my porch just --
Building toy firetrucks?
Miniature scale models.
Have you talked to Andy
about this?
Would you stop fidgeting,
Tanner?
The whole thing's
gonna fall apart.
Andrea and I
don't really talk.
I don't really talk
about me much, I guess, so...
Dispatch:
Unit 18 requesting back-up
for a 191
at 1304 Elkins Avenue. Over.
[ Beep ]
Copy, Dispatch,
18 en route.
[ Sighs ]
I got to run.
Mm.
You should talk to Andy.
Pick you up at 8:00 a.m.?
[ Stammers ]
I told you
I can handle it myself.
♪♪
What the hell is this?
Brought the bagels.
Uh, this place
is amazing!
Where's Gibson?
Uh, not here. Were --
Were you just
using my kayak?
No, I brought
my own kayak.
[ Knock on door ]
Hey.
-Hey, sorry I'm a little late.
I had to pick up
the cream cheese.
[ Door closes ]
Don't panic, no chives.
What is happening?
Jack invited me over.
Jack doesn't
live here.
He just hangs out here.
A lot.
An abnormal amount,
really,
for someone whose name
is not on the lease.
What's wrong?
This is my house.
We can eat on the deck.
The deck is still my house.
[ Sighs ]
So...
So, it's...
Whatever.
It's fine. It's fine.
Just anything but onion.
Yes.
Yes!
Ugh, after last night,
this is exactly
what I needed.
Andy, Maya, and I went out,
and I think Andy might be
getting her groove back.
She had this guy buying
her drinks left and right --
Oh, sorry.
You, um...Is this something
you'd rather not hear?
No, I am happy
for Andy.
Wouldn't mind
talking about something else.
Oh, is Vic making you
uncomfortable? Is that it?
Oh, what if she kayaked up
to your house unannounced?
[ Buzzer ]
Sure, sure.
Yeah, Tuck and I will fly solo.
Love you.
[ Beep ]
[ Sighs ]
Everything okay?
Uh, Miranda.
She's been stressed lately,
so I've been
trying to help out,
but nothing
seems to be working,
so now
I'm getting stressed.
Well,
that sounds healthy.
Yeah, how's Grant
been adjusting to you
being back at work?
We're good.
Really good.
So good.
So good you got to say it
three times?
Grant's driving me crazy.
I mean, not "crazy" crazy,
but crazy, you know?
Um...nah.
He's just --
He's really...
attentive,
but, you know,
it's like we went from
getting to know each other
to sponge baths.
Not the sexy kind.
So, you know, whatever fun,
steamy steps there are
before the sponge-bath stage
in the relationship,
we skipped those.
[ Scoffs ]
Usually takes a while
to rip off those Band-Aids,
but those Band-Aids
were ripped and changed.
He literally
changed my bandages.
[ Chuckles ]
Look, man. He's just --
just worried about you.
Yeah, and I told him
I'm fine.
After Miranda's heart attack,
she told me she was just fine,
but I worried.
And you guys
got through that?
Yeah, man. Look,
it all boils down to trust.
I trust
that no matter what,
we'll work our way
through it.
Uh, to be clear, you two
are a little too perfect
to be likeable
sometimes.
It's kind of gross.
♪♪
Hey, so, uh, I was kidding
earlier about Gibson,
but I kind of wasn't.
All this time
he's been spending at my place,
it seems a little like...
It seems like he doesn't want to
be alone or something.
Or that something
could be
that you have the coolest place
out of all of us.
Sorry, no offense
to Chez Bishop.
Oh, or you mean
Hacienda Herrera.
Okay, well, y'all can call it
whatever you want.
What I want to know is
were you entertaining visitors
last night?
What happened
after I left the bar?
Oh, come on!
Supremely handsome guy!
You mean
supremely handsome Brad?
[ Gasping ]
Who may have
scored some digits?
You gave out your number? Okay.
Mm-hmm.
Okay. She...did it.
Hey. Digits are a good start.
You guys were right.
I just needed to trust you,
and look what happened.
Good things happened.
I mean, I think it's a sign.
From the universe.
To keep putting myself out there
and see what comes back.
I've got to trust.
The universe.
So I'm gonna.
Okay!
Great!
That's good.
It's not like
she brought the guy home.
We may have overcorrected.
Yeah.
Sullivan:
19, lineup. Now!
I've been watching you
these past few weeks.
Captain Herrera
did his job well.
Each of you
is good at what you do.
Interchangeably good
at all the same things.
You make
a perfectly nice team.
But I'm not interested
in perfectly nice.
I'm interested in exceptional.
So I've decided to
assign you specialties.
Specialties, sir?
I want each of you
to learn a new skill-set
so that you and you alone
can bring that skill-set
to any call at any time.
Do we get to pick or --
Miller -- Water Rescue.
We do not get to pick.
Bishop --
Incident Operations.
Hughes -- Crisis Management.
Gibson --
Tactical Force Training.
Warren -- Hazmat Training.
Montgomery --
Urban Rescue.
And Herrera -- Recruitment.
Dismissed.
Herrera, you don't seem
particularly enthusiastic.
Recruitment's more of a
sit-behind-a-desk kind of thing,
and I'm not exactly
a sit-behind-a-desk
kind of person.
You'll be great at it.
Trust me.
[ Beep ]
Tactical Commander: Stay calm.
Stay focused. Let's go.
[ Beep ]
♪♪
3, 2, 1.
[ Beep ]
Man: [ Grunts ]
Let's go!
Don't move. Hands.
Let me see your hands.
-Clear!
-[ Indistinct shouting ]
-Secure the suspect.
-[ Grunts ]
Mr. Collins, we have
a warrant for your arrest.
Bag the contraband.
Folks, it's your lucky day.
As long as no one else here
has a felony warrant on them,
we're only gonna need
statements from you,
then you can go.
Officers?
We sure
this is everyone?
♪♪
[ Man coughs ]
Whoa, don't shoot.
Hey.
Hey!
Why am I not surprised?
What's going on here?
Uh, uh, Ryan,
it's good to see you.
You know this guy?
Yeah.
That's my dad.
[ Chuckles ]
What do you want to know?
I'll sing. I got info.
I'll share it.
We're good, Greg.
We're after someone else
this time. You lucked out.
All we need is a statement
from you, and you're free to go.
How'd you know
I was hiding?
Favorite cigar
was still smoking on the table.
Figured
you couldn't be far.
Please state for the record
what you were doing here.
I mean, I guess it kind of
seems pretty obvious.
Just answer
the question.
I was trying to
make a little more money
to send to your mother.
And I was up, by the way.
300k pot.
[ Indistinct conversation ]
That would have covered
everything I owed,
and I was this close.
I was just about to --
How'd you hear
about the game?
Word travels.
To Florida?
Which is where you said
you were this whole time.
I didn't want to leave.
Your mother kicked me out.
When did you get back
to town?
That's not gonna be
in my statement, is it?
[ Indistinct conversation ]
I don't know.
N-Not long ago.
Two, two and a half --
Weeks?
Months.
I was gonna surprise you
when the time was right.
Well,
consider me surprised.
Henderson, get this guy's
contact information.
I'm done here.
Wait, is that it?
Wait, hey, Ryan.
Hey, bud...
Really good work here,
by the way.
It was really
well organized.
As busts go,
it was right to the point.
Well done.
Andy: Recruitment.
I am a recruiter now.
When there are
options out there
like "Smoke Jumping"
or "Wildland Fires"?
What happened
to trusting the universe?
I know. It's just hard
when the universe is Sullivan.
[ Click ]
We should establish
some ground rules
for when we have people over
now that we're living together
and you're giving
your cell number
out all over the place.
Not all over the place.
Just once to Handsome Brad.
That's it.
So I don't mind
if Handsome Brad
is walking around
in his undies.
I do mind if anyone
nakedly sits
on any of the furniture.
No one's nakedly
sitting anywhere.
He hasn't even called.
Cart way before horse.
Please, he'll call.
[ Telephone ringing ]
[ Beep ]
Herrera speaking.
No, she does not live here.
Sorry, Brad who, now?
Uh, what did Sullivan
assign you again?
Incident Operations,
but, you know, I mean,
that's not all
that exciting either.
What? Are you kidding?
That's hands-on,
decision-making,
in the field, moment to moment.
You can't
get more exciting --
Sullivan: It was one of
the first specialties
assigned to me
by my C.O.
Put me on the officer track.
Officer track?
[ Klaxons sound ]
Well, that's --
Dispatch:
Reported structure fire
for Ladder 19, Engine 19,
Aid 19...
Bishop, you're starting
your specialty training today.
...4024 Lanewood Avenue.
We encounter problems,
I want to hear your solutions.
Show me what you got.
Sir, we have Lieutenants
for that.
Then pretend
you are a Lieutenant today,
unless, Herrera,
any objections?
Uh, no. No, sir.
[ Doors close ]
[ Indistinct conversations ]
♪♪
[ Siren wailing ]
We've got
an active structure fire
in a derelict building.
Building's owner says
it was set for demolition
in a few days.
Assuming it's empty, Bishop,
what's the approach?
Uh, if there's
no civilians in harm's way,
we mount
a defensive attack.
Stay outside,
surround, and drown.
No need
to risk any lives.
All right,
that's the plan, folks.
Surround, drown,
and get back home.
[ Sirens wailing ]
♪♪
Sir, I think
we should do a sweep,
clear the area,
and keep it clear.
Smoke is heavy, but with
no visible flames on the roof,
so the fire's
trapped inside.
Looks like
the inside's a hot box.
Sullivan:
Bishop, you hear this?
Yes, sir.
Your recommendation, go.
We should have
Herrera and Warren
start defensive operations.
Montgomery and Hughes
prep the pump.
I will handle the hydrant.
Miller and Gibson
will take a 360 for recon.
If any fire's spread,
I'd like to know
how much and where.
Great. Also, we can --
You heard her. Let's go.
[ Beep ]
Hurry up, Bishop.
You think Sullivan
told Bishop
to pair us up together today
on purpose?
I don't know. Probably.
You gonna go to that therapy
thing he was talking about?
So I can listen
to a bunch of sad people
talk about how sad they are
just to make me sad?
No, thanks.
But you're feeling okay
about today,
even though it's your first
big fire since the skyscraper?
I know how hard
that can be.
I'll feel a whole lot better if
you'd quit asking me about it.
Look, Travis,
I am sorry.
I'm sorry that I yelled at you
the other day.
No, I mean,
but that's how you feel,
so no need to rehash.
No, I mean it.
I mean that I-I'm sorry --
Yeah, no, I heard you.
Vic, I got it loud and clear.
You know
I'm not gonna apologize
for putting a victim's life
in front of my own.
That's why we're here.
It's what we do. That's the job.
I'm done talking about it.
You seem to be good here.
I'm gonna go see
if Herrera needs any help.
[ Beep ]
We're almost ready
here on the pumper, Bishop.
How's that water coming?
[ Beep ]
[ Breathing heavily ]
Sir, we have a problem.
There's no water
coming through the main line.
What?
The hydrant's dry.
The building
was scheduled for demo.
It must have been
shut down.
So we have no water.
What's your solution?
[ Beep ]
Call public utilities,
use the engine to wet down
surrounding structures.
If our 360 comes back
that the building's empty,
we let it burn.
[ Beep ]
Get to it.
Gibson, Miller,
how's that 360 looking?
Dean: Sweeping
the perimeter now.
Listen, man, we --
we got to talk about
you coming by my place
all the time.
Look, don't get me wrong.
I love to hang out,
but I'm just not wild about --
Squatters.
I wasn't gonna
be that harsh.
Hey, what's going on?
Got a shopping cart
full of plastic bottles,
tin cans,
placed at the entrance --
those are makeshift
burglar alarms.
People are in here.
Listen up, everyone.
Prepare to wet down
the surrounding structures
in case we got to
let this one go.
No, no, no.
Wait, sir, you can't.
Hey!
What?
Say again, Gibson?
You can't let it burn.
We got
civilians inside.
♪♪
[ Coughing ]
There's someone
coming out of the building.
Montgomery, Warren!
Somebody take him.
He doesn't like being carried,
but he'll get over it.
It's okay.
We're here to help you.
[ Grunts ]
Hey, what are you doing?
Are you coming?
There are five more kids
in here about to burn alive.
[ Grunts ]
Little help?
♪♪
[ Indistinct conversations ]
[ Birds chirping ]
Finished my paperwork.
Mind giving me
a lift downtown?
Get out of the car.
[ Handle clicks ]
Well, it's locked.
How about that?
I know you probably feel
right at home back there.
Hang on.
But you got to go.
Hang on. Listen, listen.
Just a second. I'm trying.
I'm really trying
to straighten out my life.
I didn't want to
come back to you
until I was on my feet.
I've heard that before.
A few times.
I know.
I know
you don't trust me.
I'm -- I'm gonna earn
that trust back, son.
You can't get back
something you never had.
Dispatch: All units in the area
of Hannah and Lake Forest,
be advised, 52 in progress.
Please respond.
Hey, that's, um -- that's just
a few blocks from here.
I'm not taking a criminal
on a call with me.
That's a 52, right?
Robbery in progress,
as in it's happening
right this second?
[ Sighs ]
Can't waste time arguing,
kid.
18 to Dispatch, en route.
That's it.
Now we're talking.
Hit the sirens.
Make your papa proud.
Stop talking!
[ Engine starts ]
[ Siren chirps, wails ]
How am I so much faster
than you?
It's your job.
I don't even have a job.
Hey! What's your name?
Zoe.
Zoe, believe me,
my team knows how
to rescue your friends safely,
and it is not safe for you
in here.
You think? I know
where they hide. You don't.
We sleep in here
in the day.
When I smelled smoke,
I could barely wake up myself.
We have to find them.
Check out
those rooms ahead.
You got it.
Warren, through here.
I'll stay on her.
[ Beep ]
Captain, this is Herrera.
Don't give me
the status update, Herrera.
Give it to
your Incident Commander.
Bishop, do you copy?
[ Beep ]
Tell me what's happening.
We've still got about
five potential vics inside,
all kids, I think.
This place is a maze.
Requesting backup.
I'm sending an additional unit.
Miller, Hughes, Gibson,
you're up.
Sullivan: I need an ETA
on that hydrant.
We're almost out of water
on the engine.
Dispatch is in contact
with utilities, sir.
We're working on it.
Hey, rig a line
to the next nearest hydrant.
Go, go!
[ Coughing ]
Pick up the pace! Over here!
♪♪
We got 'em.
Sean, you okay?
I'm good.
Hey, don't touch me.
I don't know you.
Easy. Come on.
[ Coughing ]
All right, there's no time
for intros, kid.
Come on.
Put me down!
Come on! You're leaving, too!
Drop me!
No, no, no. We -- We still
need to find Tori and Brian.
[ Coughing ]
Here, use this.
Big, deep breaths,
then we're going.
[ Beep ]
Montgomery, Warren,
talk to me.
Travis: We haven't
found anyone else yet.
But without water,
we need something
to buy us more time in here.
[ Beep ]
Sprinkler system.
It's off, but it's got
its own water supply.
We just need to find
the access valve.
Copy that. We'll start looking.
[ Beep ]
That valve you need,
I'm pretty sure I've seen it.
In the breaker room! Come on!
Enough! We will find it!
We'll find your friends,
but first we need to
get you out of here.
I swear, if you don't
come with me right now,
I will throw your scrawny ass
over my shoulder
and carry you out.
Okay.
But not before
I get you that valve.
[ Beep ]
Montgomery, Warren,
backtrack to me.
Our runaway's
run away again.
Get away from me.
I'm fine.
Just let me listen to
your breathing, all right?
Get off me!
I don't need you!
I'm not gonna hurt you. Just --
Just let me help, all right?
Don't! [ Coughing ]
Okay, okay, okay.
[ Grunting ]
It's okay.
It's all right.
I got you.
You're gonna be okay.
You're gonna be
all right.
I've got you.
Miller, we got to
get back inside.
♪♪
This was about 10 minutes ago?
Yeah.
I just came off
of my lunch break.
I was about to
open up the shop
when this guy, he grabbed me
and clocked me with a...
I don't know.
Something metal.
Any idea
what it might have been?
I'm a little
out of sorts, here.
It was
a pretty hard blow.
Next thing I knew,
I opened my eyes,
he was gone,
along with all the cash
from the register.
Can you describe the suspect?
White,
mid-30s, about 5'7",
180 pounds,
black jacket,
red stripe along the left side,
dark jeans, red shoes.
Thank you
for your time.
Hey.
How'd you
get out of the car?
It's not my first time
in the back seat.
Hey, he looks a little shifty,
don't you think?
Nervous?
Maybe 'cause
he just got robbed?
There's that.
There's also the fact
there's no forced entry,
which is strange
'cause he said he was
about to re-open the shop.
Were you listening in?
Plus, I noticed
that the security camera
over the front door
is conveniently turned off.
He has a head wound,
which could be self-inflicted.
How was his description
of the suspect?
Suspiciously vague
or suspiciously specific?
Not everyone's
up to something, Greg.
Not everything's a con
where someone's
trying to take advantage.
It's possible the guy
just had a bad day.
Ryan, I-I thought I taught you
better than that.
-Hey, hold it!
-What are you doing?
He's -- He's running.
Aren't you going after him?
Nah.
[ Siren chirps, tires squeal ]
[ Grunts ]
-Stop moving.
-All right, get him up.
[ Handcuffs click ]
Let's go, pal.
You knew.
Before you did.
[ Chuckles ]
Chip off the old block.
[ Siren chirps ]
Can I take a look?
I told you, back off.
I'm not gonna
ask you questions, Sean.
Good.
So you can leave now.
I didn't say that.
You got a burn I need to dress
so it doesn't get infected.
And I'm not going away
until I feel good
about your oxygen levels.
What do you care
anyway?
I'm nobody.
And I don't need help.
[ Indistinct conversations ]
It's pretty scary, huh?
Being all on your own?
[ Sighs ]
The worst is at night,
right?
Real late,
when it's too quiet
to think
about anything else?
Hold these.
You can't do everything
on your own,
as much
as you might want to.
Put the ointment on
twice a day,
don't bandage too tight,
and use the slick side
of the pad
so it doesn't
stick to your skin.
All right?
[ Radio chatter ]
You know,
I hate asking for help.
I never ask for it, actually.
Even now.
♪♪
You don't have to do this
on your own.
You can trust me.
♪♪
You said...
You said don't
do the bandage too tight.
You want me
to show you?
[ Beep ]
Sullivan: Gibson, I need you
back by the ladder.
I got to go.
Look, hang tight,
and when I get back,
I'll finish showing you
how to do it, okay?
Okay.
[ Beep ]
On my way.
Come on. We need some water.
Give me some water.
♪♪
Why are you still
over here?
Uh, waiting on water,
sir.
Waiting? You should have
delegated that job.
We're pulling children
out of a building right now.
I ask you to lead,
and you station yourself
over here to wait?
I'll head over to --
Don't bother.
You got preoccupied with
one small piece of the puzzle.
As a leader,
you need to be looking
at every piece
all the time.
I'm resuming command.
♪♪
[ Zoe coughing ]
It's close to here, I swear.
It's in here somewhere.
[ Grunts ]
Travis:
Hey! Careful there!
I live here,
remember?
Can you check to see if anyone
found Brian or Tori yet?
Miller, are you and Hughes
inside the building yet?
Yeah, we're here. We're making
our way towards you.
We're in the front
of the building.
We're looking for two more kids.
Names are Tori and Brian.
Copy that.
And heads up,
we're trying to reactivate
the sprinkler system,
so don't be surprised
by a little rain.
[ Beep ]
Okay, I appreciate
you bringing us here,
but you and I
are leaving right now.
But my friends are still
lost here somewhere.
I am turning
these sprinklers on.
Ben: Hey!
Is that the valve?!
♪♪
Montgomery,
give me a hand.
♪♪
We've got to
find these kids fast.
The smoke
is getting thicker.
Travis: Yeah, with fires
popping up all over the place.
[ Coughing ]
Tori! Are you Tori?!
Brian? Are you Brian?
[ Beep ]
Herrera, we found them, but
we're losing visibility in here.
I can barely
see my drop-bag line.
[ Beep ]
They found them?
Are they okay?
[ Coughing ]
[ Beep ]
We could really use
those sprinklers.
[ Beep ]
Stand by.
They're too weak.
They can barely stand.
[ Grunting, coughing ]
Come on, Andy.
♪♪
Whoa! Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Did you see that?!
See what?
You saw it?
♪♪
Whoa!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa!
Hey, there's some kind
of accelerant in the pipes!
Accelerant?!
[ Beep ]
Herrera, do not activate!
I repeat, do not activate!
[ Creaking ]
[ Indistinct shouting,
screaming ]
-Get down!
-[ Screams ]
What the hell just happened?
I don't know.
Miller, Hughes,
do you copy?
[ Coughing ]
[ Beep ]
Yeah, we're here.
And we're okay.
[ Coughing ]
Damn it, I'm out.
You?
I'm about to be.
[ Coughing continues ]
♪♪
[ Beep ]
This is Miller.
Hughes and I are here
with two civilians.
We're trapped.
We do not have an exit.
Repeat,
we do not have an exit.
[ Beeping ]
Miller, I'm gonna
get you one.
This is Herrera.
My team can't get out either.
Damn it!
Dispatch: Dispatch to 19.
Utilities says the main line
will have water
in less than two minutes. Over.
Sullivan:
Bishop, talk to Herrera
and make sure
we know where we're going
once we have water,
you understand?
Everyone grab a hose!
Move! Move! Move!
Dispatch says we have water
coming in two minutes.
♪♪
Maya: Andy,
what's your position?
Breaker room.
Alpha-Bravo corner
of the building.
Any windows?
Negative.
Can you hold
your position?
Yeah.
Two, three minutes tops.
Maya: Stay low.
We're coming in to get you.
Copy.
Warren, what happened?
Fire kicked up
and knocked her off her feet,
and she's suffering
from smoke inhalation.
She needs as much air
as we can give her.
[ Coughing ]
We're surrounded,
and these walls
are turning paper thin.
Then we use that.
It's not load-bearing.
We can chop our way --
[ Coughing ]
Vic!
Fine. I'm fine. I'm fine.
No, no, no. No, no.
You keep that on.
I can't bust through a wall
to get us out of here.
You need it
more than me.
It's okay.
[ All coughing ]
♪♪
[ Hissing ]
Captain?
♪♪
Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go.
Come on!
Get your head down!
[ Coughing ]
Go, go, go, go, go.
♪♪
[ Coughing ]
Montgomery,
you got your penlight?
Yeah, just a sec.
I want to make sure
there isn't anything
obstructing her airway.
♪♪
Montgomery.
Montgomery!
♪♪
You all right?
Yeah.
Airway's clear.
♪♪
[ Coughing ]
Switch, Ben.
Switch!
Switch right now!
You're okay, okay?
Just breathe.
Don't panic.
You're okay.
We're here.
Nobody's gonna leave you.
Nobody's gonna
leave you alone.
We're running
out of time in here.
We need those hoses.
We should have flow
any second.
What happened in there
with the sprinklers?
Doesn't make any sense.
Right now, all that matters
is getting our people out.
We need to douse this thing
in record time.
We should decide
who's gonna go in
after Herrera's team
first.
I'll do it.
I'll go.
[ Water flowing ]
We have water!
♪♪
Move in!
[ Luca Fogale's "I Don't
Want to Lose You" plays ]
♪♪
♪ It was always hard
to pin you down ♪
♪ And it was
only natural for me ♪
♪ To hope you'd come around ♪
♪ But please
take your reservations ♪
♪ And forget them ♪
♪ You know things
could be so easy ♪
Hey, where's that kid
who was here?
♪ If you let them ♪
Sean, the one
with the wrist burn.
We tried to treat him,
but as soon as you left,
he took off.
♪ And I don't want to
lose you now, or ever ♪
♪ So maybe
we can try this time ♪
[ Coughs ]
Herrera, get some fresh air.
♪ To take it past the bridge ♪
♪ 'Cause I don't want to
lose you now, or ever ♪
I'm gonna go check on her.
Andy.
You first.
♪ Oh, no ♪
[ Breathing heavily ]
♪♪
[ Sighs ]
Why are you still here?
Why wouldn't I be?
You just made
a really big bust.
We caught the bad guy.
I caught a bad guy.
'Cause you taught me
how to think like one.
It's not something
to be proud of.
Look, I understand
if you don't want to see me,
but you have to understand
that I want to see you.
You're my kid.
That means something to me.
Sure. Okay.
"Sure. Okay."
You think I'd lie about that?
The way I see it,
you were at that poker game
to make some quick cash
because you probably
owe someone a lot of cash,
per usual.
We bust in.
You got scared.
You knew people
would come to collect
unless you were escorted away
from the scene in a squad car.
Nobody will touch you
if you're hanging with me.
You're not here
because you want to catch up.
It's because you're scared.
Cop's cheaper
than a bodyguard, right?
That's what you think of me?
You think I'm here to use you?
Do I have any reason
to think otherwise?
You're right.
I am scared.
But not of some bookie.
I can square my own debts.
What I'm scared
is of you thinking
that I don't care
about our family.
I made plenty of mistakes.
I sure did.
But the one thing
I did right is you.
Ryan,
you're a decent guy,
despite me having
brought you up.
If you want to talk,
you can reach me here.
And, if you don't want to talk,
I will still be around.
It was really nice...
today,
getting to see
what it is you do, Ryan.
How are you?
Breathing easier?
Yeah.
But, um, not really.
[ Sighs ] We're gonna get
packed up and sent away.
Only plus is if they send us
to the hospital first.
At least
we get a free meal.
Ask for the extra jello
behind the nurse's desk.
There's always a stash.
[ Giggles ]
I told them
they could trust me.
It was my job
to take care of them, and...
Look what happened.
You saved them.
You ran inside a building
you had no business being in,
by the way,
just to get them out.
You were very brave.
Not too many people
would do that.
You do.
You could, too.
Please.
People like you don't want
kids like me on your team.
I'd be lucky to have
a kid like you on the team.
♪♪
Call me when you can.
Tell me how you're doing,
okay?
Maybe you can come by the
station once you're recovered
and see what we do.
Here's my cell.
206-55...
Ah. You'll call?
You're kind of clingy.
[ Sighs ]
Hmm.
But I might.
Ready?
♪♪
Hey.
[ Siren chirps ]
I assigned you
Recruitment
because you're the most
passionate about this job
of anyone here.
It's contagious.
Good work today.
Thank you, sir.
Captain, the accelerant
in the pipes --
do we know what it was?
Antifreeze.
Yeah, the building owner
confirmed that they put it
in the systems to keep the water
supply from freezing over.
It's rare for it to ignite
like that, but it can happen.
Don't beat yourself up
over it.
Not something
we could have predicted.
♪♪
Travis: Go on. Say it.
You were right.
About?
All day,
asking me if I was fine,
going on and on about how
it was my first big fire call,
and I wasn't fine.
I froze.
Took one look at you
with that girl in your arms,
and I was...
right back at that skyscraper.
Sullivan mentioned this FD group
therapy thing the other day.
Hughes clearly thinks
that I should go,
but I don't know, man.
I'm not really game
to sit around
and just share
how I'm feeling.
But you shared it
with me.
I mean,
you were there, so...
So...
does that make me
your work wife?
Never mind.
Sorry I brought it up.
Trav,
I am really touched.
Never mind.
♪♪
Andy:
I gave Brad my dad's number.
I don't know why
that was the number
that popped into my head.
It was your home phone.
Yeah, my old home phone.
My dad's home phone.
Yeah, that's kind of
what I meant by "was."
Oh, God.
Do you he's actually been
talking to Brad?
I mean, he does that.
He'll talk to telemarketers
until they hang up on him.
[ Chuckles ]
Hey, why so glum,
chum?
Herrera has a right
to look like a deflated balloon,
but you?
I don't like to lose.
We didn't.
We saved all the peoples today.
Well, I wanted to wow Sullivan,
and I definitely did not.
Keeping focused when
you're running a call like that,
everything coming at you
at once,
it took a while for me
before I was fully --
You know, it's fine.
I don't want to dwell.
Just don't be so hard
on yourself.
You know, nobody's great
their first time out.
You'll get there
eventually.
Eventually?
I mean, you may be right
about one thing, though.
[ Chuckles ]
As much as I hate to admit it...
[ Cellphone chimes ]
...Sullivan may have
some methods that work.
I think I found
my first recruit today.
[ Chuckling ]
Wow, you work fast.
Zoe, not Brad.
'Cause Brad's
probably on the phone
with my dad right now.
[ Scoffs ]
I never should have trusted
you girls or the universe.
Well, you know,
if you can't even trust yourself
to give out
the right number...
[ Laughs ]
Ugh!
I'm gonna have to
go over there, aren't I?
To my dad's house?
Yeah, probably.
Everything good?
With --
With you and me?
Yeah,
why wouldn't it be?
No reason.
[ Jake Etheridge's
"Just Let Go" plays ]
Look,
for what it's worth,
I thought
you did great today.
Andy:
You can't always tell
when your trust in someone
gets broken...
And it's made
all the difference.
[ Applause ]
Didn't think
I'd see you here.
Hey.
How's the sharing?
Well, there's...
a lot of it.
[ Chuckles ]
Lucas:
Uh, I'll introduce myself
for those of you joining us
for the first time.
I'm Lucas.
And I've been with Seattle FD
for a little over 15 years now.
I've seen a lot,
been through a lot,
but an incident I experienced
a couple of months ago, it's...
it's sticking with me.
Most of you were there
at the skyscraper downtown.
It was -- I mean,
that was a beast, right?
♪ You don't have to speak ♪
When I close my eyes, I can...
♪ I know what you're thinking ♪
I can still smell the smoke.
I can hear the sounds
of that explosion.
I am...
♪ And finally,
the room stopped spinning ♪
I am haunted by it,
by that night,
by the choices I had to make.
That's why this place
is so important to me.
It's why each of you are --
are so important to me.
♪ And it's plain to see ♪
Because we understand
each other.
♪ I think I know what this is ♪
Because w-we need each other,
we rely on each other.
'Cause this job makes us
more than colleagues,
more than friends.
We're family.
[ Applause ]
♪ Shadows on the ground ♪
And it can be
even harder to figure out
how to rebuild the trust
that's been lost.
♪ Blurry lights just fading ♪
Chief.
Hey.
Spotted you sitting
in the back with Montgomery.
Glad he's recovered.
♪ And everything around ♪
♪ Bending till it's breaking ♪
I, uh -- I wanted to apologize,
uh, for the way I spoke to you
the night of the skyscraper.
[ Sighs ]
♪ And it's funny how ♪
If I -- If I made that --
If I was part of making
that incident harder on you,
I'm sorry.
♪ We're always changing ♪
I appreciate that,
Hughes.
I understood where
you were coming from.
I didn't exactly understand
the same for you.
♪ Oh, it's been a long night ♪
Anyway, um...
♪ Waiting for something,
but it's all right ♪
You know, I really --
I really expected
to hate being here today,
but I actually really liked
what you had to say.
♪ Think I know now
what it feels like ♪
Thank you, I think.
Oh, no. No, I'm sorry.
I mean -- I mean --
I mean that
about what you said.
It was depressing,
but in a good way.
[ Chuckling ] Okay.
No. God, no, sorry, sorry.
I mean you were great.
Uh-huh.
That was, uh --
That's all.
What you said,
what you shared, was...great.
Well, uh,
maybe you should get up
and share a little, too,
next week.
I'm sure your experience would
help a lot of firefighters.
♪ We're dancing
'round and 'round ♪
Yeah, I don't know. Maybe.
[ Chuckles ]
♪ Someplace nobody knows ♪
I hope I'll see you.
♪♪
Well, um...
Have a great
rest of your night, Chief.
♪♪
But you can usually tell
when it's starting
to grow stronger.
♪♪
♪ You don't have to speak ♪
I got to ask.
The shopping carts,
the cans,
where'd you get all that from?
♪ I know what you're thinking ♪
It was just something
I picked up.
From when?
♪ And everything around ♪
I'm not oblivious.
♪ Bending till it's breaking ♪
Look, I know you don't like
talking about your past.
I know that it's hard for you,
but I...
I knew there were
kids in the building
because I used to be
one of them.
What?
I grew up in the system.
♪ And it's funny how ♪
Spent a lot of time
running from it, too.
♪ We're always changing ♪
Finally, I found myself
in this one group home
with a lot
of other kids.
They were my family, I guess.
♪ Oh, it's been a long night ♪
Till my family at the station.
♪ Waiting for something,
but it's all right ♪
Trust peeks through
in different ways.
A gesture, a question,
a confession.
It was a pretty tough time.
♪ Think I know now
what it feels like ♪
I used to get
night terrors.
Woke up screaming
almost every night,
freaked all
the other kids out.
Except one.
She was like, uh...
my one friend
I could count on.
Don't get a lot of those
in life, you know?
♪♪
What the hell, man?
I owed you a punch.
[ Sighs ]
So you give it
to me now?
You never told me
any of that.
Okay.
Just ask already.
To move in.
Isn't that what you've been
angling at for weeks now?
You know me too well.
I mean,
I thought I did.
Trust is delicate.
♪ You don't have to speak ♪
♪ I know what you're thinking ♪
He was all smiles,
charming everybody,
says he wants
to make things right.
But you don't
believe him.
If my dad's back,
he's up to something.
Andy:
Your dad's back?
♪ And finally,
the room stopped spinning ♪
I'm -- I'm sorry.
I was just --
No, it's okay.
I should leave you two --
No, hey, hey, hey.
Game's not over, Tanner. Sit.
♪ And it's plain to see ♪
♪ I think I know what this is ♪
How's everything, Andrea?
How's work?
Trust is sharing
parts of yourself
you think others
will run from.
It's...fine.
And weird. I --
I really dislike Sullivan.
I basically always
disagree with him,
except even when I disagree,
he winds up being right.
About the calls,
the decisions, about me,
a-and I dislike that
even more.
New captain makes my daughter
question herself?
All there is to it.
I'm gonna have to go down there.
Dad, no.
It's not really Sullivan.
It's me.
I -- I can't trust myself
the same way anymore.
It just feels like
every turn these days
is a setup to fail.
[ Telephone ringing ]
Oh. Oh.
Watch him.
[ Ringing continues ]
[ Door opens, closes ]
But there's always
a catch...
♪ Just let go ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh,
oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
We haven't
seen much of each other.
Haven't even talked
since the storm drains.
And that was...
not really talking.
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
Maybe we should
talk sometime, catch up.
Not on a porch.
♪♪
Andrea,
it's for you.
It's that guy you went out
drinking with, Brad.
♪ Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ♪
He's very talkative.
Did you know he raises chickens?
Please, talk to him
so I don't have to anymore.
I should get going.
...because in order
to gain trust...
Oh, yeah.
...first...
[ Exhales deeply ]
Hello?
...you got to give it.
♪ Just let go ♪
[ Chuckles ]
♪♪